runner --cloud-region: GCP zones (#194)
iterative/cml.dev: content/docs/self-hosted-runners.md

- `--cloud-spot-price=<...>`: Maximum spot instance USD bidding price.
- `--cloud-region={us-west,us-east,eu-west,eu-north,...}`:
  [Region](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/iterative/iterative/latest/docs/resources/task#cloud-regions)

>   where the instance is deployed. Also accepts native AWS/Azure region or GCP
>   zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  where the instance is deployed. Also accepts native AWS/Azure regions or GCP
  zones.
```

Same as https://github.com/iterative/cml.dev/pull/194/files#r799866101
